2,how can you be so warm how can you know how i feel well it's the way you move your hands and it's the way you understand and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i want to know and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i better than ezra can you throw away everything you've lived for well it's the way you shake and sway and it's the passion that you play and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i want to know and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i too many lost links in a chain passed down but ending here if we just face the pain and the fear who did you love before who did they love before you 'fore you 'fore you 'fore you well it's the way you move your hands and it's the way you understand and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i want to know and that's the reason that i'm asking hey and that's the reason that i la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
3,never let you down the verve pipe i'm trying to keep my feet on the ground i'm getting to like this feeling i've found i'm getting to love the thought of having you around and i will never let you down your friends were all well meaning when they said no one is good enough for you they played with your emotions dismiss the notion do what you have to do 'cause people don't take chances with their hearts since i met you i am past the hardest part so remember one thing i will never let you down i'm trying to keep my feet on the ground i'm getting to like this feeling i've found i'm getting to love the thought of having you around and i will never let you down sometimes you feel defeated but it's okay you're not the only one and all the complications bad situations happen to everyone doesn't matter how it ended or began sometimes the best that you can do is change your plan hope you understand that i will never let you down i'm trying to keep my feet on the ground i'm getting to like this feeling i've found i'm getting to love the thought of having you around and i will never let you down i'm trying to keep my feet on the ground i'm getting to like this feeling i've found i'm getting to love the thought of having you around and i will never let you down i'm trying to keep my feet on the ground i'm getting to like this feeling i've found i'm getting to love the thought of having you around and i will never let you down
8,kitchenware & candybars stone temple pilots somebody told me i know where to go somebody showed me i was last to know sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river what i wanted is what i wanted what i wanted is what she wanted unfriendly feelings down on wounded knee unfriendly reasons some blind mother's need sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river what i wanted is what i wanted what i wanted is what she wanted you read the words and it sells you life they sell their words but it's all a lie somebody told me i know where to go somebody showed me i was last to know sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river sell me down the river what i wanted is what i wanted what i wanted is what she wanted what i wanted is what i wanted what i wanted is what she wanted
9,metallica the unforgiven iii how could he know this new dawn's light would change his life forever set sail to sea but pulled off course by the light of golden treasure was he the one causing pain with his careless dreaming been afraid always afraid of the things he's feeling he could just be gone he would just sail on he would just sail on how can i be lost if i've got nowhere to go searched the seas of gold how come it's got so cold how can i be lost in remembrance i relive how can i blame you when it's me i can't forgive these days drift on inside a fog it's thick and suffocating this seeking life outside its hell inside intoxicating he's run aground like his life water's much too shallow slipping fast down with the ship fading in the shadows now a castaway they've all gone away they've gone away how can i be lost if i've got nowhere to go search for seas of gold how come it's got so cold how can i be lost in remembrance i relive and how can i blame you when it's me i can't forgive forgive me forgive me not forgive me forgive me not forgive me forgive me not forgive me forgive me why can't i forgive me set sail to sea but pulled off course by the light of golden treasure how could he know this new dawn's light would change his life forever how can i be lost if i've got nowhere to go search for seas of gold how come it's got so cold how can i be lost in remembrance i relive so how can i blame you when it's me i can't forgive 
11,i'm the highway in flames a sense of purpose in flames i'm the highway _2008 by greednut i am my deepest shadow something i can't ever neglect rise above these ashes won't fall and fade away in dark moments i know better within destruction i see clearly from here to new grounds suppose i will do it alone will fight for that design feel this up your conviction staring into truth i am the highway existence carefull made in all your everlasting complications in dark moments i know better within destruction i see clearly from here to new grounds suppose i will do it alone will fight for that design we'll feel this up your conviction forget the promised land there was never an invitation today i create my own before there was sorrow and lack of attention from here to new grounds suppose i will do it alone will fight for that design feel this up your conviction
12,livin' in a world without you the rasmus black roses the rasmus it's hard to believe that it came to this. you paralysed my body with a poison kiss. for 40 days and nights i was chained to your bed. you thought that was the end of the story. something inside me called freedom came alive. living in a world without you. you told me my darling without me you're nothing. you taught me to look in your eyes and fed me your sweet lies. suddenly someone will stare in the window. looking outside at the sky that had never been blue. ahh there's a world without you i see the light. living in a world without you. ahh there is hope to guide me i will survive living in a world without you. it's hard to believe that it came to this. you paralysed my body with a poison kiss. for 40 days and nights i was chained to your bed. you thought that was the end of the story. something inside me called freedom came alive. living in a world without you. you put me together then trashed me for pleasure. you used me again and again abused me confused me. suddenly naked i run through your garden. right through the gates of the past and i'm finally free. ahh there's a world without you i see the light. living in a world without you. ahh there is hope to guide me i will survive living in a world without you. it's hard to believe that it came to this. you paralysed my body with a poison kiss. for 40 days and nights i was chained to your bed. you thought that was the end of the story. something inside me called freedom came alive. living in a world without you. it's hard to believe that it came to this. you paralysed my body with a poison kiss. for 40 days and nights i was chained to your bed. you thought that was the end of the story. something inside me called freedom came alive. living in a world without you. ahh there's a world without you i see the light. living in a world without you. ahh there is hope to guide me i will survive living in a world without you. living in a world without you living in a world without you living in a world without you living in a world without you
17,disturbed pain redefined failing falling lost in forever will i find a way to keep it together am i strong enough to last through the weather in the hurricane of my life can it be a conscious decision are the rightful ways to alter my vision am i speeding towards another collision in the early breeze of my life memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than those who have fallen memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than those who have fallen and please believe me did my eyes deceive me don't stand me up just leave me i have fallen again this is the end pain redefined shaking burning up with the fever in the realm of pain i am the deceiver that will let myself so i can believer her but she dissembles my life i cannot dispel the illusion all my hopes and dreams are drowned by confusion can i find a way to find a solution that will reconfigure my life memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than those who have fallen memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than memories don't lie you're no better than those who have fallen and please believe me did my ears deceive me don't stand me up just leave me i have fallen again this is the end pain redefined and i know that stillness shatters we have all been frightened by the sound of footsteps on the pavement of our lives i stand and fight i'm not afraid to die hypnotized bury me tonight please believe when the world deceives me don't stand me up just leave me i have fallen again this is the end pain redefined disturbed pain redefined
18,sermon drowning pool where was god when i needed a friend and where was god when i came to an end where was god when i lost my mind where was god when i can find i don't wanna be up or down don't wanna be up or down don't wanna be up or down i don't wanna be up or down where was love when i felt like hate where was hate when i felt like love where were you when you said you'd be there where was the fear when i said i was scared i don't wanna be up or down don't wanna be up or down don't wanna be up or down i don't wanna be up or down tell me what you believe i'll tell you what you should see cause i don't know who to trust my heart is filled with disgust i can't take this no tell me what you believe i'll tell you what you should see cause i don't know who to trust my heart is filled with disgust tell me what you believe tell me what you believe ladies and gentlemen may i have your attention are you ready for the joke are you ready for the great deception tell me what you believe tell me what you believe tell me what you believe tell me what you believe tell me what you believe tell me what you believe
21,wine is fine but whiskey's quicker suicide is slow with liquer take a bottle drown your sorrows then it floods away tommorows away tommorows evil thoughts and evil doings cold alone you hang in ruins thought that you'd escape the reaper you can't escape the master keeper 'cos you feel life's unreal and you're living a lie such a shame who's to blame and you're wondering why then you ask from your cask is there life after birth what you saw can mean hell on this earth hell on this earth now you live inside a bottle the reaper's travelling at full throttle it's catching you but you don't see the reaper's you and the reaper is me breaking laws knocking doors but there's no one at home made your bed rest your head but you lie there and moan where to hide suicide is the only way out don't you know what it's really about wine is fine but whiskey's quicker suicide is slow with liquer take a bottle drown your sorrows then it floods away tomorrows by carhin
23,static x skinnyman > need for fpeed most wanted my little girl my little girl my little girl where are you my little girl my little girl my little girl where 's gone you day after day day after day i get it now i just go on without you twisted inside six miles high i rehearse how to say goodbye to you skinnyman turned into a monster i 'm turned into a monster wrap it up tight emotions are distorted it 's no surprise nothing alive all hope has been aborted day after day day after day i get it now i just go on without you twisted inside six miles high i rehearse how to say goodbye to you skinnyman turned into a monster i 'm turned into a monster inside i 'm dead all used up goddamn i miss her as my skin turns yellow i forget this hell as the skies are bruised and the rain comes down as my face turns pale try to deal with these thoughts at the end of it all at the end of it all skinnyman turned into a monster i 'm turned into a monster inside i 'm dead all used up goddamn i miss her as my skin turns yellow i forget this hell as the skies are bruised and the rain comes down as my face turns pale try to deal with these thoughts at the end of it all i still miss you
25,disturbed asylum release me no remnants were ever found of it; feeling the hot bile with every fake smile. though no evidence was ever found it never went away completely i try to hide from the unholy sound of it another day gone another night's dawn; dark forces pull me underground they never went away completely how can i feel this empty i will not recover this time; this loneliness is killing me yah will i never know peace of mind again i don't believe it i can't achieve it. i think you know it's just another sign it never went away completely. terror is coursing in me terror inside of me keeps a diligent watch on everything dreading the final moment when i have to dream keeps a feeble hold on my belief just waiting for the moment when i and feel you die in asylum i live a lie don't you know i'm in love with you and i wasn't ready for asylum relive a lie to let go now it's dragging me into your grave your asylum forget the lie overcome by the feeling that i won't get to join you in time for the loneliness is killing me yah death's images are all around again; they're right behind me they're gonna find me judgment for the immortal sin that had enveloped me completely yah i know i'll never know a peaceful night again; afraid they'll hear me they don't fear me punishment for the immoral crime the debt was never paid completely terror is coursing in me terror inside of me keeps a diligent watch on everything dreading the final moment when i have to dream keeps a feeble hold on my belief just waiting for the moment when i and feel you die in asylum i live a lie don't you know i'm in love with you and i wasn't ready for asylum relive a lie to let go now it's dragging me into your grave your asylum forget the lie overcome by the feeling that i won't get to join you in time for the loneliness is killing me yah in the end there will be no suffering more suffering in the end you will find out everything not anything in the end you may question your belief what belief in the end you will realize finally how you were deceived this has gone on too long too long no more demonic dreams destroyer come tonight because the memory is killing me in asylum i live a lie i let go now it's dragging me into your grave for asylum relive the lie overcome by the feeling that i won't get to join you in time not a chance this world is not fulfilling me yah don't need to live in asylum i'll live a lie don't want to live in asylum i'll live a lie don't need to live in asylum i'll live a lie
29,dont let me down dont let me down. dont let me down dont let me down. nobody ever loved me like she does oo she does yeh she does. and if somebody loved me like she do me oo she do me yes she does. dont let me down dont let me down. dont let me down dont let me down. im in love for the first time. dont you know its gonna last. its a love that lasts forever its a love that had no past. dont let me down dont let me down. dont let me down dont let me down. and from the first time that she really done me oo she done me she done me good. i guess nobody ever really done me oo she done me she done me good. dont let me down dont let me down.
38,i see you had your mind all made up you group of pitiful liars. before i woke to face the day your master plan transpired. something told me this job had more to pantera meet the eye. my song is not believed my words some what deceiving now i'm unwhole. you've waged a war of nerves but you can't crush the kingdom can't be what your idols are. can't leave the scar. you cry for compensation. i ask you please just give us 5 minutes alone a fool. you used complexion of my skin for a counter rascist tool. you can't burn me i've spilled my guts out in the past. taken advantage of because you know where . my past. you've waged a war of nerves but you can't crush the kingdom can't be what your idols are. can't leave the scar. you cry for compensation. i ask you please just give us 5 minutes alone
39,big boi & khujo goodie feat. t.i tangerine yeah yeah chorus 1: khujo goodie & big boi {khujo goodie:} she said her name was tangerine damn the american dream she all about her fuckin cream so shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine {big boi:} she said her was billie jean said she wanna show me things i pulled out a stack of green shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine big boi: now let's set it straight b i g don't cuff or cake i put her on a plate until she's no longer awake they just lay fast asleep when i hit 'em with the snake put that venom up in 'em until i leave 'em with the shakes on display she's a model but she only model shoes not fake like a prosthetic leg or prostitute how she choose she just whispers in my ear "i'm with you" i'm the type of dude that sends your baby mama out for food and i also like her throat action with a passion love in her mou outh for dental satisfaction that means i hit the head like greg louganis then i'm splashin ughhh bust one back of the 'llac stabbin hootie hoo she know what's happenin there's no reason to doubt it if you ask her how i got it she say "how he had went about it was" and then you wake up from a bad dream a nightmare settle down cause she right there chorus 1: khujo goodie & big boi {khujo goodie:} she said her name was tangerine damn the american dream she all about her fuckin cream so shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine {big boi:} she said her was billie jean said she wanna show me things i pulled out a stack of green shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine t.i.: okay midnight fit like four or five chicks in the drop '66 bumpin "southernplayalistic" as we ridin through the city lights monday magic city night pass these around momentarily they feelin like gettin right good girls got 'em gettin busy like big dykes eatin so much pussy they forget pipe all got boyfriends tell me they don't hit it right they come see me so they can come be freaks in the back seat everything's fast like a track meet all i can see is titties pussy lips and ass cheeks actually no exaggeration no imaginin real talk my reality is yo' fantasy keisha kim tamika shay alicia and gloria chasin this broad tryin to find euphoria name notorious dick game glorious find me shawty when ya boyfriend borin ya chorus two: big boi & khujo goodie {big boi:} shake it like some texas pete droppin on your collard greens make it hotter when she want a dollar do you follow me shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine {khujo goodie:} smellin like some tangerines rollin like she on some beans garter belt full of greens booty bustin out the seams shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine watch her shake it like a tambourine big boi: once upon a rhyme i knew this girl and she was fine as everything outdo's the kind of girl i describe her like like like michael jordan when he's froze in a pose of a jumpman top flight security on these hoes man she drop it low only for me to pick her up when she's liquored up i'm leavin my fingerprints on her butt a ten hut at attention as we stand for this woman general patton boy stop we think she cummin lovin the way that i'm dickin her down boi you bluffin nothin but a nigga like me be straight up royal flushin but this ain't 'bout playin no cards dummy her give me open mouth sugar and she go hard for me even take a charge for me if the coppers caught us ridin to get a tray of fruit and a pack of 1 point 5's and i'm all the way on them papers she all the way on my team we burn it down like california trees in the breeze fire chorus 1: khujo goodie & big boi {khujo goodie:} she said her name was tangerine damn the american dream she all about her fuckin cream so shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine she shake it like a tambourine {big boi:} she said her was billie jean said she wanna show me things i pulled out a stack of green shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine shake it like a tambourine outro: shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake that ass shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake it shake shake that shake that work work work work work work work work and all my ladies go to work work work work work work work work shake shake it shake that ass end big boi & khujo goodie feat. t.i tangerine
40,tool stinkfist something has to change. un deniable dilemma. boredoms not a burden anyone should bear. constant over stimulation numbs me but i wouldnt want you any other way. just not enough. i need more. nothing seems to satisfy. i said i dont want it. i just need it. to breathe to feel to know im alive. finger deep within the borderline. show me that you love me and that we belong together. relax turn around and take my hand. i can help you change tired moments into pleasure. say the word and well be well upon our way. blend and balance pain and comfort deep within you till you will not want me any other way. but its not enough. i need more. nothing seems to satisfy. i said i dont want it. i just need it. to breathe to feel to know im alive. knuckle deep inside the borderline. this may hurt a little but its something youll get used to. relax. slip away. something kinda sad about the way that things have come to be. desensitized to everything. what became of subtlety how can it mean anything to me if i really dont feel anything at all ill keep digging till i feel something. elbow deep inside the borderline. show me that you love me and that we belong together. shoulder deep within the borderline. relax. turn around and take my hand.
47,i admit it what's to say yeah i'll relive it without pain mmm backstreet lover on the side of the road i got a bomb in my temple that is gonna explode i got a sixteen gauge buried under my clothes i pray once upon a time i could control myself ooh once upon a time i could lose myself yeah oh try and mimic what's insane ooh yeah i am in it where do i stand oh indian summer and i hate the heat i got a backstreet lover on the passenger seat i got my hand in my pocket so determined discreet i pray once upon a time i could control myself ooh once upon a time i could lose myself yeah yeah you think i got my eyes closed but i'm lookin' at you the whole fuckin' time ooh once upon a time i could control myself yeah once upon a time i could lose myself yeah yeah yeah once upon a time i could love myself yeah once upon a time i could love you yeah yeah yeah once once once once yeah once once yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oww 
48,tegan and sara arrow would you take a straight and narrow critical look at me would you tell me tough love style put judicial weight on me. if you're thinking anything. if you're thinking endlessly. if you're thinking anything. if you're thinkin' i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close. i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close. would you take a calm and tender terminal kind of care would you touch me cling and wage an intimid fight for me if you're thinking anything. if you're thinking endlessly if you're thinking anything. if you're thinkin' i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close. i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close. i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close. i feel the breeze. your feathers of an arrow. out in my yard feathers of an arrow. i take my aim you feel me coming close. i take my aim so you feel me coming close.
59,kill paradise just friends hey theres this pretty pretty girl i know the girl they sing about on radio shes got style shes got grace im all over the place i gotta tell her now you know your boyfriend you can do without and if i ever see him ima pop him in the mouth pow you know he lies all he does is make you cry hanging with a different girl almost every other night whooa shes on the phone and hes been screaming at her all night long its time to hang it up and end it right come on its friday night you know your better off on your own shes screaming whoa oh oh oh shes dreaming whoa oh oh oh dreaming of a weekend whoa oh oh oh just sleeping whoa oh oh oh hey theres this pretty pretty girl i know he broke her heart and now shes letting go what you two had was never love you know so let me show you what it feels like ill never make you cry always kiss you goodnight sunrise in summertime finally have some fun tonight im going to make you forget all the bad things he did baby baby we can do it right whooa shes on the phone and hes been screaming at her all night long its time to hang it up and end it right come on its friday night you know your better off on your own shes screaming whoa oh oh oh shes dreaming whoa oh oh oh dreaming of a weekend whoa oh oh oh just sleeping whoa oh oh oh let her on and he promised he'd be there she told me on the phone let her on never thought that he would get caught never thought that he could get caught now its time for all this to stop whoaa we're at the show and we've been hanging out all night long she ended it she did it right come on its friday night everybody's singing along shes screaming whoa oh oh oh shes dreaming whoa oh oh oh dreaming of a weekend whoa oh oh oh shes with me and whoa oh oh oh shes screaming whoa oh oh oh shes dreaming whoa oh oh oh dreaming of a weekend whoa oh oh oh shes with me and whoa oh oh oh shes screaming whoa oh oh oh shes dreaming whoa oh oh oh dreaming of a weekend whoa oh oh oh shes with me and whoa oh oh oh shes screaming whoa oh oh oh
61,blood on the dance floor death to your heart uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh i''ve got this gun to your head i''ve got blood on these hands i''ll be your eternal never ending i''ll be the end of your beginning i''m the battle to your every war i''m the first fist of everything torn i''ve got no room in this heart gonna tear you apart death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest one death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest the weakest one infected with deception destruction is my obsession i''ll feed off your sweet suffering your confession is my sweet crime you''ve fed me up with your lies thought i knew you deep inside i''ll take this razor to your neck i''ll cut off all your f*cking regrets i''ve got no room in this heart gonna tear you apart death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest one death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest the weakest one tear apart what is left your blood is what i taste here i am in the flesh look your killer in the face hahaha hehehe what a pretty little sight now you''re gone it''s too late we will never be the same uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh rip it apart uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the weakest one uh uh uh uh uh death to your little precious heart this is the scene where you depart no one will hear your finally words i''m a life taker i''m a heart breaker death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest one death to your heart and i''ll rip it apart rip it apart you''ve come undone you''re the weakest the weakest one
62,don't waste your time it will never work don't try and fight it only makes it worse and i will never be the one you can defeat believe in me 'cause i was born to lead. . i'm on your side don't ever believe or let anybody tell you you cannot achieve your dreams. what are you fighting for let down your guard lift up your arms salute to the sky and be thankful you're here the man in the mirror's the one that you fear the most and just like a ghost you'll escape your fate you must not lose your hope . to be the last one standing up and when that day comes they'll know what you're about. . don't waste your time cause it will never work don't try and fight it only makes it worse and i will never be the one you can defeat believe in me 'cause i was born to lead. . i've got your back so f*ck what they say the hate that they show should enable your strength don't stray stand up and fight rise from the ashes open your eyes and fight. f*ck the ones that are holding you down open your eyes you're wearing the crown you are the reason they even exist so put up your fist the power is in you now . to be the last one standing up and when that day comes they'll know what you're about. . don't waste your time cause it will never work don't try and fight it only makes it worse and i will never be the one you can defeat believe in me 'cause i was born to lead. . the time has come to show them what you're made of. go . motherf*cking move . don't waste your time cause it will never work don't try and fight it only makes it worse and i will never be the one you can defeat believe in me 'cause i was born to lead. . don't waste your time cause it will never work don't try and fight it only makes it worse and i will never be the one you can defeat believe in me 'cause i was born to lead
68,boss bitch millionaires millionaires mothafucka's i'm the type of girl that your momma never wanna meet centerfold in your daddy's hidden magazine i'm kinda sweet and fake like splenda topless on the beach you can call me kendra but i'm not like the girl next door inbetween a cheerleader and a whore ra ra raw like sushi always keep it clean no douching they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch ha ha ha ha ha ha ha bitch chinese japanese dirty knees look at these hoes trying to get up on my main squeeze don't you know who the fuck i am bitch please call me hello kitty you be just a pussy uh yo and i'm better than the best of you always number one and you'll always be the number two that awkward moment when i walk into the room and i realize i'm the only bad bitch move they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch i'm a train wreck hot mess no stress rockin' louboutin bitch you're wearing payless i'm a ten you're barely a four the filet mignon you will never afford uhhh yellow fever make them black dudes coo coo you can holla back boy harajuku all these haters trying to use their voodoo ima kick their fucking ass lucy lu they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch they be saying i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch i'm a boss bitch boss bitch they be hating i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch i'm like nah bitch nah bitch
81,it's chris crocker you know it's not about romance it's just about what's in your pants screw hello you had me at sex don't need no intro let's skip to the bed from your head to your toes legs up over your head from begs to moans we're both seeing red. some believe in love on first sight but this is just lust on the first night if it turns into more than that's all right but right now i don't want your kiss i want your bite wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight lost control but not get mislead don't ask for my phone yeah we're just sex friends who needs clothes when you're covered in men you never know the hand i will lend some believe in love on first sight but this is just lust on the first night if it turns into more than that's all right but right now i don't want your kiss i want your bite wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight it's just a one night stand maybe even just a five minute jam yeah i'm sure you'll rate your gram but your sex is all i'm interested in so please don't put me in your plans just put me in your mouth yeah put me in your hands you're not the one for me you're just the one for my pee pee i want your bite wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight oh oh baby just bite me. i want your bite wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight wanna feel your teeth on my neck wanna taste the salt of your sweat gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight the way you're making me hot don't stop you're hittin the spot gonna rock your body all night it's lust at first sight
85,from the depths of hell so far i fell a deal made with the devil after all the dust had settled . there''s an hourglass of time counting down all of the lies and with every grain of sand time is slipping through my hands . oh i sold my soul to rock n'' roll i let my demons take control redemption seems so far away this microphone is my escape . don''t mess with ouija boards cause now my spirit''s gone . i''m bound by fear of being trapped i''m falling faster fade to black something''s standing in my way hoping for better days . i''m always searching for serenity and i''m always standing at the edge of reality oh . i spill my heart out on the stakes the only way i feel okay and right before that curtain calls my gut''s got one more thing to say . don''t mess with ouija boards cause now my spirit''s gone . i''m always searching for serenity and i''m always standing at the edge of reality oh . from the depths of hell so far i fell a deal made with the devil after all the dust had settled . look into my eyes you will see the light it burns to blind this way we''ll never die i speak the truth immortalized by you no other way until my final day . oh i feel the hate boiling up inside and it''s too late nowhere to run and hide . don''t mess with ouija boards don''t mess with ouija boards . i''m bound by fear of being trapped i''m falling faster better days . i''m always searching for serenity and i''m always standing at the edge of reality . i''m always searching for serenity and i''m always standing at the edge of reality oh . don''t mess with ouija boards ouija boards don''t mess with ouija boards ouija boards
90,lets go if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 ahh get crunk get crunk act a fool up in the club gonna you goin get fucked up throw your fist up what x4 right now get fucked get fucked start a fight up in the club represent where you're from put your clicks up what x4 everybody's in the club right now with the cristal bottles up right like ohhh lets get crunk in the party right now lets break the rules yeah everybody's in the club right now with the cristal bottles up right like ohhh lets get crunk in the party right now lets break the rules yeah if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 if you ain't a down motha fucka then go back home get crunk up in the club poppin bottles of patron get drunk x6 sippin bottles of patron get loose get laid fuckin bitches' everyday b.c 13 and you know where here to stay these hoes x2 are always blowing up my phone these hoes x2 are always blowing up my phone when i walk up in the club they goin now i'm in the zone everybody's in the club right now with the cristal bottles up right like ohhh lets get crunk in the party right now let's break the rules yeah everybody's in the club right now with the cristal bottles up right like ohhh lets get crunk in the party right now let's break the rules yeah if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 yeah all you motha fuckin brizzles to get off the flizzle and to start fuckin dizzles fishizzle my nizzle got these fuckin brizzles all up in my mizzle like a fuckin grizzle get off my grizzle girl you got all these fuckin hoes all up in my face shut the fuck up with that shit lets put your motha fuckin crowns up fishizzle like this put your motha fuckin crowns up what put your crowns up what x6 now put your motha fuckin crowns up what put your crowns up what x6 put your mother crowns up if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 if yous down motha fucka then throw your hands up get loose in the club were gonna tear the party up get crunk get crunk x4 get your drunk on get your drunk on girl get your drunk on go get your drunk on girl get your drunk on get your drunk on get crunk now now get your crunk on go get your crunk on girl get your crunk on go get your crunk on girl go get crunk now get your crunk on with your crunk juice get your crunk on with your motha fuckin crunk juice get your crunk on let's go get your crunk on let's go get your crunk on let's go get your crunk on pass the motha fucken crunk juice
101,trapt echo i close my eyes' let the whole thing pass me by there is no time to waste' asking why i'll run away with you' by my side i'll run away with you' by my side i need to let go' let go' let go' let go of this pride i think about your face' and how i fall into your eyes the outline that i trace' around the one that i call mine a time that called for space' unclear where you drew the line i don't need to solve this case' and i don't need to look behind chorus i close my eyes' let the whole thing pass me by there is no time to waste' asking why i'll run away with you' by my side i'll run away with you' by my side i need to let go' let go' let go' let go of this pride do i expect to change' the past i hold inside with all the words i say' repeating over in my mind some things you can't erase' no matter how hard you try an exit to escape' is all there is left to find chorus i close my eyes' let the whole thing pass me by there is no time to waste' asking why i'll run away with you' by my side i'll run away with you' by my side i need to let go' let go' let go' let go of this pride until this echo' echo' echo' echo in my mind until this echo' echo' echo' echo can subside chorus so i close my eyes' let the whole thing pass me by there is no time to waste' asking why i'll run away with you' by my side i'll run away with you' by my side i need to let go' let go' let go' let go of this pride bridge until this echo' echo' echo' echo in my mind until this echo' echo' echo' echo can subside end
109,garbage bleed like me avalanche is sullen and too thin she starves herself to rid herself of sin and the kick is so divine when she sees bones beneath her skin and she says: hey baby can you bleed like me c'mon baby can you bleed like me chrissie's all dressed up and acting coy painted like a brand new christmas toy he's trying to figure out if he's a girl or he's a boy he says: hey baby can you bleed like me c'mon baby can you bleed like me doodle takes dad's scissors to her skin and when she does relief comes setting in while she hides the scars she's making underneath her pretty clothes she sings: hey baby can you bleed like me c'mon baby can you bleed like me therapy is speedie's brand new drug dancing with the devil's past has never been too fun it's better off than trying to take a bullet from a gun and she cries: hey baby can you bleed like me c'mon baby can you bleed like me jt's get all fucked up in some karaoke bar after two drinks he's a loser after three drinks he's a star getting all nostalgic as he sings "i will survive" hey baby can you bleed like me c'mon baby can you bleed like me you should see my scars you should see my scars you should see my scars you should see my scars and try to comprehend that which you'll never comprehend try to comprehend that which you'll never comprehend try to comprehend that which you'll never comprehend try to comprehend that which you'll never comprehend you should see my scars you should see my scars
117,artist: metallica album: s&m title: of wolf and man off through the new day's mist i run out from the new day's mist i have come i hunt therefore i am harvest the land taking of the fallen lamb off through the new day's mist i run out from the new day's mist i have come we shift pulsing with the earth company we keep roaming the land while you sleep shape shift nose to the wind shape shift feeling i've been move swift all senses clean earth's gift back to the meaning of life bright is the moon high in starlight chill is the air cold as steel tonight we shift call of the wild fear in your eyes it's later than you realized shape shift nose to the wind shape shift feeling i've been move swift all senses clean earth's gift back to the meaning of life i feel i change back to a better day hair stands on the back of my neck in wildness is the preservation of the world so seek the wolf in thyself shape shift nose to the wind shape shift feeling i've been move swift all senses clean earth's gift back to the meaning of wolf and man
123,"and i am not frightened of dying any time will do i don't mind. why should i be frightened of dying 
124, haha i never knew that a kid like me could take his mic around the world and flash the big s.d. and rock the masses from madrid to calabassas tijuana mexico bootleg demos in tokyo they know me though 'cause i be puttin' in work commit my life to rebirth well respected 'cause that's my word i'm sure you heard heard about a new sound going around she might have left my hood but she was born in my town you didn't know thought we was new on the scene well it's alright it's alright i know you know i see you smiling at me well it's alright it's alright boom here comes the boom ready or not here comes the boys from the south boom here comes the boom ready or not how you like me now i said we rep. the south so what you talking about i'm not running off my mouth i know this without a doubt 'cause if you know these streets then these streets know you when it's time to handle business then you know what to do what to do me and my crew we stay true old skool or new many were called but the chosen are few were a few we rise to the top what you want just in case you forgot rush the stage grab my mic show me what you got you didn't know thought we was new on the scene well it's alright it's alright i know you know i see you smiling at me well it's alright it's alright boom here comes the boom ready or not here comes the boys from the south boom here comes the boom ready or not how you like me now i said boom here comes the boom ready or not here comes the boys from the south boom here comes the boom ready or not how you like me now is that all you got i'll take your best shot. 6x i'll take your best shot. 2x is that all you got well it's alright it's alright i'll take your best shot. is that all you got well it's alright it's alright i'll take your best shot. is that all you got i'll take your best shot. well it's alright it's alright i'll take your best shot. i'll take your best shot. is that all you got i'll take your best shot. well it's alright it's alright i'll take your best shot. i'll take your best shot. boom here comes the boom ready or not here comes the boys from the south boom here comes the boom ready or not haha how you like me now boom here comes the boom ready or not here comes the boys from the south boom here comes the boom ready or not haha how you like me now 
126,it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose the world is spinning too fast i'm buying lead nike shoes to keep myself tethered to the days i try to lose my mama said to slow down you should make your shoes start dancing to the music of gorillaz in a happy mood keep a mild groove on day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on there you go get the cool get the cool shoe shine there's a monkey in the jungle watching a vapour trail caught up in the conflict between his brain and his tail ba ba ba and if time's elimination then we got nothing to lose please repeat the message it's the music that we choose keep a mild groove on day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on get the cool get the cool shoe shine day doo dee bop ba ba ba day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on ok bring it down yeah we gonna break out get the cool get the cool shoe shine it's the music that we choose 
129,19/2000 gorillaz it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose it's the music that we choose the world is spinning too fast i'm buying lead nike shoes to keep myself tethered to the days i try to lose my mama said to slow down you should make your shoes start dancing to the music of gorillaz in a happy mood keep a mild groove on day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on there you go get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine there's a monkey in the jungle watching a vapour trail caught up in the conflict between his brain and his tail ba ba ba and if time's elimination then we got nothing to lose please repeat the message it's the music that we choose keep a mild groove on day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine day doo dee bop ba ba ba day doo dee bop it's the music that we choose day doo dee bop keep a mild groove on ok bring it down yeah we gonna break out get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine get the cool get the cool shoe shine it's the music that we choose 
130,addicted to pain alter bridge tell me how it feels to live a lie tell me do you know that it won't ever be the same you can't deny the house of cards just hit the floor don't tell me you can save it in the end there's nothing you can do 'cause when it's gone you know it won't come back again but you don't listen anymore you're addicted to pain too blind to see you're lost in the shadows so addicted to face in time you're gonna lose it all if only i had said this long ago if only i had found a way to tell you all the things you should've known but you were lost right from the start how the hell are you the one to blame you've done no wrong you gave it all so why the hell did you have to change you broke your back she broke your heart you're addicted to pain too blind to see you're lost in the shadows so addicted to face in time you're gonna lose it all cry out you're nowhere now she sold you out you're gonna lose it all cry out you're nowhere now just tear it down you're gonna lose it all you're addicted to pain too blind to see you're lost in the shadows so addicted to face in time you're gonna lose it all you're addicted to pain sometimes it seems like nothing else matters you're too addicted to face in time you're gonna lose it all cry out you're nowhere now in time you're gonna lose it all cry out you're nowhere now you don't live it anymore cry out you're nowhere now she sold you out you're gonna lose it all cry out you're nowhere now you don't live it anymore.
137,yeah bringing you another disturbing creation from the mind of one sick animal who can't tell the difference and gets stupified i've been waiting my whole life for just one fuck and all i needed was just one fuck how can you say that you don't give a fuck i find myself stupified coming back again all i wanted was just one fuck one tiny little innocent fuck and when i feel like i'm shit out of luck i find my stupified coming back again why do you like playing around with my narrow scope of reality i can feel it all start slipping i think i'm breaking down see but i don't get it don't you think maybe we could put it on credit don't you think it can take control when i don't let it i get stupified it's all the same you say live with it all the people in the left wing rock and all the people in the right wing rock and all the people in the underground rock i find myself stupified coming back again all the people in the high rise rock and all the people in the projects rock and all la gente en the barrio rock i and myself stupified coming back again if all fails and don't deny me no baby now don't deny me and darlin' don't be afraid look in my face stare in my soul i begin to stupify
139,there must be something in the way i feel that she dont want me to feel the stare she bares cut me i dont care you see so what if i bleed i could never change just what i feel my face will never show what is not real a mountain never seems to have the need to speak a look that shares so many seek the sweetest feeling i got from you the things i said to you were true i could never change just what i feel my face will never show what is not real i could have lied im such a fool my eyes could never never never keep their cool showed her and i told her how she struck me but im fucked up now but now shes gone yes shes gone away a soulful song that would not stay you see she hides cause she is scared but i dont care i wont be spared i could have lied im such a fool my eyes could never never never keep their cool showed her and i told her how she struck me but im fucked up now i could have lied im such a fool my eyes could never never never keep their cool showed her and i told her how she struck me but im fucked up now
141,there's just one thing i need i don't care about the presents underneath the christmas tree i just want you for my own more than you could ever know make my wish come true all i want for christmas is you i don't want a lot for christmas there's just one thing i need i don't care about the presents underneath the christmas tree i don't need to hang my stocking there upon the fireplace santa claus won't make me happy with a toy on christmas day i just want you for my own more than you could ever know make my wish come true all i want for christmas is you you baby i won't ask for much this christmas i don't even wish for snow i'm just gonna keep on waiting underneath the mistletoe i won't make a list and send it to the north pole for saint nick i won't even stay awake to hear those magic reindeers click 'cause i just want you here tonight holding on to me so tight what more can i do baby all i want for christmas is you ooh baby all the lights are shining so brightly everywhere and the sound of children's laughter fills the air and everyone is singing i hear those sleigh bells ringing santa won't you bring me the one i really need won't you please bring my baby to me oh i don't want a lot for christmas this is all i'm asking for i just want to see my baby standing right outside my door oh i just want you for my own more than you could ever know make my wish come true baby all i want for christmas is you all i want for christmas is you baby and
170,i wanna be somebody live w.a.s.p. you say you don't want to run and hide a face that no one knows and everyone you meet you're going to show you're nobody's slave nobody's chains are holding you you hold your fist up high and pride too oh you've just go to be up high where the whole world is watching you and me cause i i've got the guts to be somebody to cry out i want to be somebody be somebody soon i want to be somebody be somebody soon i want to be somebody be somebody too i wanna be somebody be somebody too you say you don't want to starve well take the table crumbs and go you don't want to take your feed at all you don't want no 9 to 5 job fingers to the bone you don't want the rock piles dirty go oh you've just got to be up high where the whole world's watching you and me cause i i've got the guts to be somebody to cry out i want to be somebody be somebody soon i want to be somebody be somebody soon i want to be somebody be somebody too i want be somebody be somebody soon i want shiny pots and dirty money and lots of rock and roll i will live in vain and die in flames i'm never getting old i want to be somebody i want to be somebody be somebody soon i want to be somebody be somebody tall i want to be somebody i want to be somebody i want to be somebody i want to be somebody
172,past the road to your house that you never called home where they turned out the lights through they say you'll never know i remember running through the wet grass falling a step behind both of us never tiring desperately wanting better than ezra when they pumped out your guts filled you full of those pills you were never quite right deserving of the chills they say the worst is over kicked it over again then they ask what went wrong when they turned you on again they turned you on again chorus repeat kick them right in the face make them wish they weren't born and if they bring up your name baby burst in the world never given a chance and when they ask what went wrong well you never had it right no you never had it right chorus repeat oh the letter have dropped off though they say you got them all finally figured out some things you'll never know never know take back your life let me inside we'll find a door if you care if you care to anymore 
201,for years i have travelled in coldness but my heart is warm as the darkened sun above me nothing can ever take away what i've seen with these tired eyes face of the weeping night and the shade of the fading light face of the weeping night the dawn will never rise again for my eyes and i will never sleep again i've lost my hope time after time cause the light has vanished from the sky now when the darkness has become part of me i got to let my shadows free cause i never looked behind i never tried to find something that could have made me one now when the sorrow has taken control of me i got to let my shadows free cause i never looked behind i never tried to find something that could have made me one something that i could reach the sun
225,alpha i am king the best lies have truth entwined designed to keep your mind suspended in darkness you're so weak why are you fighting just to breathe if this is the end then god let me know we are living for nothing will we ever change can you see it in my eyes a sickness is growing there's no way of knowing which way i'll go but you should really just worry about yourself why are you here speak out in the sound of existence lose your way or find the strength to stay if this is the end then god let me know we are living for nothing will we ever change so remove all these ties that bind you and clear the way the stars burn out on this brand new day what do you stand for why are you fighting just to breathe this line where we once stood will always stay the same break free and just walk away today's the day to live your life fight off the fear that binds you fight back get angry before it's too late if this is the end then god let me know we are living for nothing will we ever change so remove all these ties that bind you and clear the way the stars burn out on this brand new day
261,devics blood red orange edit by q4828315 blood red orange sun the world runs slowly around me slowly around me stars in my eyes oceans in yours i'll do it my way i'll do it my way is that what you do is that what you do 
279,f f f falling i dont go to school every monday ive got my reason to sleep dont you tell me how i should be i made up my mind about the music i made up my mind about the style i know that im stable and able to settle down but i keep f f f falling down with the sun i cant get it on the night is calling me like a drum keep on f f f falling this life is so full of temptation and i want to keep it that way i know myself i can handle the game i made up my mind about the future i made up my mind about the past i know im stable and able to hold on falling i need a flame i need a spark falling dont be afraid to open my heart faliing i need a game i need a shock falling dont be afraid my heart is unlocked falling falling 
284,these false beliefs will fuel our denial the last debris will crumble in front of our eyes just so we can see the truth behind the lies nobody said this was easy an unveiling of things that we don''t want to hear confiding in idols that preach their own bible doubting the strength in our hearts . if you can stand up to the masses and preach and sell your gospel then i''ll take back all the scars of which you''re the root and the cause . pay the price unearthing the sacred hand that buries the truth who believes in the land of the free i''ll show them their god can bleed . there is not one who''ll save you now the new uprising has turned this table round the blood you spill on honest ground contours the landscapes of our time . stripped back to callous numbness that you have enforced tenfold chasing rainbow and mirage selling your miracle cure but what is more to carry my burdens like my heroes before . pay the price unearthing the sacred hand that buries the truth who believes in the land of the free i''ll show them their god can bleed . i am the one to bring you down sent from the streets i was sown on we are the sons of every men we will not break we will not bend . pay the price unearthing the sacred hand that buries the truth who believes in the land of the free i''ll show them their god can bleed
288,seether country song well i can't stand to look at you now this revelation's out of my hands still i can't bear the thought of you now this complication's leaving me scared stay when you think you want me pray when you need advice hey keep your sickness off me tryin to get through blame all your weakness on me shame that i'm so contrite hey keep your fingers off me why can't i get through you think you have the best of intentions i cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth hey i keep on thinking that it's hey all done and all over now whoa you keep on thinking you can save me save me hey my ship is sinking but it's hey all good and i can go down whoa you've got me thinking that the party's all over well i can't stand to be myself this liberation's seemingly rare and i can't stand the taste of your mouth this sublimation's out of my hands you stay when you think you want me pray when you need advice hey keep your sickness off me tryin to get through shame you cant take this from me bane on the empty mind hey keep your fingers off me why can't i get through hey i keep on thinking that it's hey all done and all over now whoa you keep on thinking you can save me save me hey my ship is sinking but it's hey all good and i can go down whoa you've got me thinking that the party's all over lay down just stay down lay down because i am trying to get through say what you want but you're not gonna win this time take what you want but just leave me alive say what you want but you're not gonna win this time take what you want but just leave me alive hey i keep on thinking that it's hey all done and all over now whoa you keep on thinking you can save me save me hey my ship is sinking but it's hey all good and i can go down whoa still you believe that we can start it all over lay down just stay down lay down because the party's all over lay down just stay down lay down because i am trying to get through
290,charlie brown coldplay whooaaaaaa i stole a key took a car downtown where the lost boys meet i took a car downtown and took what they offered me to set me free i saw the lights go down at the end of the scene i saw the lights go down and they're standing in front of me whoa ohh ohh in my scarecrow dreams when they smashed my heart into smitharines i'd be a bright red rose come bursting the concrete. be a cartoon heart light a fire light a spark light a fire a flame in my heart. we'll run wild we'll be glowing in the dark whoa ohh ohh we'll be glowing in the dark whoa ohh ahahaaah all the boys all the girls all that matters in the world all the boys all the girls all the madness that occurs all the highs all the lows as the room spinning goes we'll run wild we'll be glowing in the dark whoa ohh ohh ahahaaah so we saw an innocent riot we'll be glowing in the dark.
293,i hit the ground while reaching out watch you rise away i hear your voice i see your face when i look at me we talk in rhyme but lack the will comfort in silence kills i'm not the enemy so don't you let me die i'm caught in the gravity don't let me die we make the sound we use the words ever perfectly and yet somehow we never seem to know what to say we talk in rhyme but lack the will comfort in silence kills i'm not the enemy so don't you let me die i'm caught in the gravity and you're the sky i'm not the enemy so don't you let me die i'm caught in the gravity don't let me die
294,the earth will save our arms well blink tonight the earth will rot away well blink tonight i really wish these snakes were your arm i i really wish you'd make up your mind the earth disguised the lake well blink tonight the earth earth will save our arms well blink tonight i really wish these snakes were your arm i i really wish you'd make up your mind i know know know 
295,silversun pickups panic switch time it's never worth my time blue shine bleeds into my eyes i still sleep on the right side of the white noise can't leave the scene behind could i be anything you want me to be its always meant to be seen when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped and will you step in line or release the glitch and can you fall asleep with a panic switch and when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped will you step in line or release the glitch do you think she'll sleep with the panic mm i'll try to hold on tight tonight pink slip inviting me inside wanna burn skin and brand what once was mine but the red views keep ripping the divide if i go everywhere you want me to go how will i know you'll still follow when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped and will you step in line or release the glitch and can you fall asleep with a panic switch and when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped will you step in line or release the glitch do you think she'll sleep with the panic i'm waiting and fading and floating away i'm waiting and fading and floating away i'm waiting and fading and floating away waiting and fading and floating i'm waiting and fading and floating away waiting and fading and floating away waiting and fading and floating away waiting and fading waiting and fading when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped and will you step in line or release the glitch and can you fall asleep with a panic switch and when you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped will you step in line or release the glitch do you think she'll sleep with the panic 
296,wet sand red hot chili peppers my shadow side so amplified keeps coming back dissatisfied elementary son but it 's so my love affair with everywhere was innocent why do you care someone start the car time to go you 're the best i know my sunny side has up and died i 'm betting that when we collide the universe will shift into a low the travesties that we have seen are treating me like benzedrine automatic laughter from a pro my what a good day for a walk outside i 'd like to get to know you a little better baby god knows that i 'll really tried my what a good day for a take out bride i 'd like to say we did it for the better of i saw you there so unaware those hummingbirds all in your hair elementary son but it 's so the disrepair of norma jean could not compare to your routine balarama beauty going toe to toe my what a good day just to let it slide i 'd like to say we did it for the better of i thought about it and i brought it out i 'm motivated by the lack of doubt i 'm consecrated but i 'm not devout the mother the father the daughter right on the verge just one more dose i 'm traveling from coast to coast my theory isn 't perfect but it 's close i 'm almost there why should i care my heart is hurting when i share someone open up and let it show my what a good day for a walk outside i 'd like to think we did it for the better of i thought about it and i brought it out i 'm motivated by the lack of doubt i 'm consecrated but i 'm not devout the mother the father the daughter you don 't form in the wet sand you don 't form at all you don 't form in the wet sand i do yeah you don 't form in the wet sand you don 't form at all you don 't form in the wet sand i do yeah
303,epiphany staind your words to me just a whisper your face is so unclear i try to pay attention your words just disappear cause its always raining in my head forget all the things i should have said so i speak to you in riddles cause my words get in my way i smoke the whole thing to my head and feel it wash away cause i cant take anymore of this i want to come apart or dig myself a little hole inside your precious heart cause its always raining in my head forget all the things i should have said i am nothing more than a little boy inside that cries out for attention yet i always try to hide cause i talk to you like children though i dont know how i feel but i know ill do the right thing if the right thing is revealed cause its always raining in my head forget all the things i should have said
318,my friends are so depressed i feel the question of your loneliness confide 'cause i'll be on your side you know i will you know i will x girlfriend called me up alone and desperate on the prison phone they want to give her 7 years for being sad i love all of you hurt by the cold so hard and lonely too when you don't know yourself my friends are so distressed and standing on the brink of emptiness no words i know of to express this emptiness i love all of you hurt by the cold so hard and lonely too when you don't know yourself imagine me taught by tragedy release is peace i heard a little girl and what she said was something beautiful to give your love no matter what is what she said i love all of you hurt by the cold so hard and lonely too when you don't know yourself the end by 7aka
327,if you have to ask red hot chili peppers a wanna be gangster thinkin' he's a wise guy rob another bank he's a sock 'em in the eye guy tank head mr bonnie and clyde guy lock him in the eye he's not my kinda guy never wanna be confusion proof pudding's sweet but too aloof orange eye girl with blackslide dew said yo homie who you talkin' to a backed up paddywagon mackin' on a cat's ass one upper cut to the cold upper middle class born to storm on boredom's face add a little lust to the funky ass flea bass most in the race just loose their grace the blackest hole in all of space crooked as a hooker now suck my thumb anybody wanna come get some if you have to ask you'll never know funky motherfuckers will not be told to go if you have to ask you'll never know funky motherfuckers will not be told to go oh woh woh don't ask me why i'm flying so high mr bubble meets superfly in my third eye searching for a soul bride she's my freakette soak it up inside deeper than a secret much more than meets the eye to the funk i fall into my new ride my hand my hand magic on the one is a medicine man thinkin' of a few taboos that i ought to kill dancin' on their face like a stage in vaudeville i feel so good can't be understood booty of a hoodlum rockin' my red hood if you have to ask you'll never know funky motherfuckers will not be told to go if you have to ask you'll never know funky motherfuckers will not be told to go oh woh woh 
330,magnolia hoobastank i watch and wonder as you discover i'm hoping that i find something that reminds me of myself and i keep hearing how these days are fleeting so i try to lock away every memory magnolia magnolia these days won't last forever magnolia magnolia so the moments we're together mean everything and with every blessing night and day i'm asking oh for just a little more there never is enough magnolia magnolia these days won't last forever magnolia magnolia so the moments we're together mean everything it's like there's no one around when you're holding my hand in a crowd it's like there's no one around when you're holding my hand in a crowd no one and i know there'll be a day i'll be giving you away until then i'm holding on magnolia magnolia these days won't last forever magnolia magnolia so the moments we're together mean everything magnolia magnolia magnolia
331,p.o.d. will you see you sittin' next to the window in the bedroom she brakes down brakes down crying over something and starin' into nothin' afraid now hate now wanting needing haunting it's killing me faking what has happened to live the life like that man i'll brake down it's fake now will you will you love me tomorrow so will you will you stay with me today fade in and out of reason to fight the way she's killin' she brakes down brakes down going through the motions and holding onto hopes and her dreams now somehow shakin mistaken forsaken it's killing me. wishing you could change but he's always been this way if you leave now i'll drown will you will you love me tomorrow so will you will you stay with me today will you will you be here tomorrow so will you you remember yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday this time i'm sorry this time i'm sorry this time this time i'm sorry for this time this time this time i'm sorry this time i'm sorry will you will you love me tomorrow so will you will you stay with me today will you will you be here tomorrow so will you you remember yesterday will you will you will you will you will you will you so will you will you will you will you will you will you will you.
332,i feel i'm walking through this my life paralyzed but this sweet frustration keeps me alive it seems like i have died a thousand days just to feel this quicksand and every movement is embraced by this sweet frustration pain from throwing my insides out only to decompose right in front of my eyes it seems like i have died a thousand days just to feel this quicksand and every movement is embraced by this sweet frustration and someday my sweet frustrations will bloom i won't die another day no more sweet frustration i have died a thousand days just to feel this quicksand and every movement is embraced by this sweet frustration
335,taproot poem overbearing panic attack entrenching my veins in an hour i'll be ok i pray this pain will go away permanently someday i've seen more than i should have to i've seen this on my own this song is a poem to myself it helps me to live in case of fire break the glass and move on into your own reoccurring drowning effect entrenching my brain i hope you'll be ok someday so i can say that you moved on in the right way we've seen this and we've breathed this and we've lived this on our own this song is a poem to myself it helps me to live in case of fire break the glass and move on into your own your own break this song is a poem to myself it helps me to live in case of fire break the glass and move on into your own your own your own your own
336,black then white are all i see in my infancy. red and yellow then came to be reaching out to me. lets me see. as below so above and beyond i imagine drawn beyond the lines of reason. push the envelope. watch it bend. over thinking over analyzing separates the body from the mind. withering my intuition missing opportunities and i must feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines. tool black then white are all i see in my infancy. red and yellow then came to be reaching out to me. lets me see there is so much more and beckons me to look thru to these infinite possibilities. as below so above and beyond i imagine drawn beyond the lines of reason. push the envelope. watch it bend. over thinking over analyzing separates the body from the mind. withering my intuition leaving all these opportunities behind. feed my will to feel this moment urging me to cross the line. reaching out to embrace the random. i embrace my desire to feel the rhythm to feel connected enough to step aside and weep like a widow to weep like a widow to fathom the power to witness the beauty to bathe in the fountain to swing on the spiral of our divinity and still be a human. with my feet upon the ground i move myself between the sounds and open wide to suck it in. i feel it move across my skin. i'm reaching up and reaching out. i'm reaching for the random or what ever will bewilder me. and following our will and wind we may just go where no one's been. we'll ride the spiral to the end and may just go where no one's been. spiral out. keep going.
339,deftones risk you can't talk i'm anxious i'm off the walls i'm right here just come outside and see it but pack your heart you might need it i'll find a way i'll confuse them but i think i can try i will save your life i will save your life i'll try for you you're locked up you exhaled you did it before i seen it come outside and breath in relax your arms and let me in i'll find a way i'll confuse them but i think i can try i will save your life i will save your life i'll try for you i know what to say to take you higher higher no one else can take you higher but i will try i'll find a way i'll confuse them but i think i can try i will save your life i will save your life i'll try for you i'll find a way i'll confuse them but i think i can try i will save your life i will save your life i'll try for you for you
341,creed inside us all when i'm all alone and no one else is there waiting by the phone to remind me i'm still here when shadows paint the scenes where spotlights used to fall and i'm left wondering is it really worth it all there's a peace inside us all let it be your friend it will help you carry on in the end there's a peace inside us all life can hold you down when you're not looking up can't you hear the sounds hearts beating out loud although the names change inside we're all the same why can't we tear down these walls to show the scars we're covering there's a peace oh there's a peace inside us all let it be oh i said let it be let it be your friend there's a peace inside us all inside us all let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be your friend. there's a peace inside us all <<<<< end >>>>>
342,listen to me when i say beautiful time is fading away when will i wake from this dream it's a never ending painful scene i rise up when i drown the water is thicker i rise up when i drown and swim to the surface thinking of you brings me down how could you pull the plug and replace me with someone else i rise up when i drown the water is thicker i rise up when i drown and swim to the surface have you ever wondered about me did you lose your feelings or forget what my name is have you ever wondered well have you i rise up when i drown the water is thicker i rise up when i drown and swim to the surface i rise up when i drown
353,sublime with rome panic qq : 349777127 so many people runnin don't know where they're goin. panic and panic and panic showing what side is wrong i need the reason and i've got to know. don't you wish your world was mine my only motive for destruction is really really what we are i need the reason and i've got to know. don't you wish your world was mine don't you wish your you open doors and close them quicker than the eyes of most. can't you see there is hope here it's time for reaction shake me up somebody wake me up i need to fight for my old mate of pollution the rate of solution to all of the damage that you've done don't you wish your world was mine don't you wish your you open doors and close them quicker than the eyes of most. can't you see there is hope here it's time for reaction i realize what's wrong wrong with your life quicker than the eyes of most. can't you see there is hope here it's time for reaction how can you say you don't want to know don't want to know the truth. how can you say you don't want to know don't want to know the truth. how can you say you don't want to know don't want to know the truth. how can you say you don't want to know don't want to know the truth. and that's alright oh that's ok and that's alright stop right there 
354,rent to the landlord baby that's his business that's his business that's his business rent to the landlord baby that's his business that's his business that's his business papa used to tell me it was the electric the electric the electric mama used to tell me it was so expensive it's expensive just to live i and the money's always gone i papa working so hard just to get paid we make money make money to spend people want people need cause it never ends now baby it takes money takes money my friend people need people want cause it never ends slip to the bottom of my empty pocket empty pocket empty pocket slip to the bottom of my empty pocket empty pocket empty pocket overdrawn again feeling insufficent insufficent insufficent how many more times must i sing this song i and the money's always gone i papa working so hard just to get paid we make money make money to spend people want people need cause it never ends now baby it takes money takes money my friend people need people want because it never ends mama used to tell me it was be electric be electric boy be electric rent to the landlord baby that's his business that's his business that's his business how can i ever thank you my girl i when the money's always gone i now i'm working so hard just to get paid we make money make money to spend people want people need cause it never ends now baby it takes money takes money to spend people need people want because it never ends yah it takes money everyone knows here it comes there it goes here it comes there it goes oh baby it takes money everyone knows cost is high pay is low cost is high pay is low my mama working so hard just to get me by how could i ever thank you my girl
361,i once knew a guy obsessed with the afterlife oh what a terrible day that was he realized he'd wasted all his time time was ticking by and he'd been left behind and as the clock tick tocked his heart did stop and everything he had was fucked and we know not what we do can you hear them call will we ever make it through as they watch us fall from the sky to the ground to the see woe is me woe is me no one will save you now we can only look away away we'll not be victims there'll be no victims of to speak and only then will we be free and up will rise the meek and when we fall we will fall together no one will catch us so we'll catch ourselves and where we roam we will roam forever no one will understand what we meant the beaten and the bruised forsaken the abused oh what a glorious day we'll have rising up and claiming all our dues the day will come as sure as the ever setting sun all of those that self imposed will find themselves so indisposed and we know not what we do can you hear their call will we ever make it through as they watch us fall from the sky to the ground to the sea woe is me woe is me no one will save you now we can only look away away we will not be victims there'll be no victims of to speak and only then will we be free and up will rise the meek and when we fall we will fall together no one will catch us so we'll catch ourselves and where we roam we will roam forever no one will understand what we meant now with the line drawn in the wet sand you need to tell us where to stand sitting waiting watching rotting everything they warned us of is true now tell me what we're all supposed to do they're coming after all of us with everything they've got with the fury of a soldier who will answer to his god so how will we fight all we have is logic and love on our side and when we fall we will fall together no one will catch us so we'll catch ourselves and where we roam we will roam forever no one will understand what we meant
371,same old situation sublime with rome if i could just only ask of one more thing i want from you well it would go like this would you open up and accept me for the way i am to you get a clue and if you tell me boy i love you but you gotta change your ways well i would say any day by the looks of it we have crashed and burned there ain't no sign of repair tell me this isn't fair oh and still i wonder why we always fuss and fight when each and every night you know i come home to you we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes once again we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes and there could be girl i just want to walk with you hand in hand back when i was your man and you hold me hold me like the world was promising an end tell me this ain't pretend and left me up and you shot me down you took me out the sky and now i'm wondering why yeah i'm struggling on and you got me singing like a sing a long tell me i'm out of sight and out of mind and still i wonder why we always fuss and fight and each and every night you know i come home to you. we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes once again we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes once again and i know and you know we may be broken but this is not the end and we both know that it's all a show nowhere left to go. we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes once again we're at the same old situation we're at the same old loss of words we're at the same old situation here it goes once again i don't want anymore of the same old situation no i don't want anymore no more
372,the brews nofx friday night we'll be drinking manishevitz go and out to terrorize goyem stoping shagitz screwing shiksas as long as we're home by saturday morning cause hey we're the brews sporting anti swastika tattoos oh oh we're the boys orthodox hasidic o.g.ois orthopedic dr martins good for waffle making kicking through the shin reputation gained through intimidation pacifism no longer tradition cause hey we're the brews sporting anti swastika tattoos oh oh we're the brews the fairfax ghetto boys skinhead hebrews we got the might psycho mashuganas we can't lose a fight as we are the chosen ones chutzpah driven we battle then we feast we celebrate we'll separate our milk plates from our meat oh oh we're the brews sporting anti swastika tattoos oh oh we're the boys orthodox hasidic o.g.ois oh oh oh oh we're the brews sporting anti swastika tattoos oh oh we're the boys orthodox hasidic o.g.ois
373,stone love with the number one sound a 44 in the background no platinum selector of the time don't watch my size in this hall while my backs against the wall take a ride competition take a ride pull it operator drop the other side thought it was over so far from done as they dance into the sun some bring up new style holding trophy cups rory select while my speakers erupt sound sweeter with an echo chamber don't you know that they are the danger 3 bottles of cristal and it's agreed the best would only come from the don wesley close my eyes while i take a ride fold up the bag in a yard style don't worry bout that you see it's all natural police chasing this bandilero running down the road with my thick payroll one stop was my music shop where i heard this guitar screamin some bring up new style holding trophy cups rory select while my speakers erupt the sound sweeter with an echo chamber don't you know that they are the danger 3 bottles of cristal and it's agreed the best would only come from the don wesley close my eyes and take a ride take a ride everybody take a ride out 
378,311 hey you i tried to move with a cool hand it didn't go as i planned i'm full of rookie maneuvers and gestures meant to be grand i pulled a bag of tricks one after the other i asked if you heard of my band so misguided the sincere approach never tried it once you said to just drop the game flat why didn't i think of that my daisy you make me go crazy forever amaze me now let's let the day go lazy my daisy you know what i'm after you're musical laughter a more beautiful disaster i can't believe what you create when you let your heart detonate you let your mind go with one blast and another and what comes next i will await mmm hmm tell me again the one about the time we first got together and you blew my mind i find my mind in the gutter when i think of my daisy cutter my daisy you make me go crazy forever amaze me now let's let the day go lazy my daisy you know what i'm after you're musical laughter a more beautiful disaster it's four months now since you crashed into my life to my life you leave a path of delightful distruction you're quite the bomb my daisy oh just clap your hands get down to the beat just clap your hands just clap your hands to the beat daisy you make me go crazy forever amaze me now let's let the day go lazy my daisy you know what i'm after you're musical laughter a more beautiful disaster my daisy you know just what i'm after you make my heart beat so much faster my daisy you know you drive me crazy you just throw me away my daisy
386,sublime with rome spun qq : 349777127 i'm spun just like a raisin in the sun i'm fried up but the fun has just begun and i swear with all the love inside my head i've gotta dish it out and gotta share but lately i've been walking this road searching for an end but i've finally figured out ban me from your company and i'll meet you where the sunlight meets the gold oh show me something i've never seen and i promise i'll be right there waiting i'm free from all the judgment that you put on me and i know it grows and i know it dies inside i shake just so i can get a breath 'cause if they had it their way they would push me to my death 'cause i've been walking this road searching for an end but i've finally figured out ban me from your company and i'll meet you where the sunlight meets the road oh show me something i've never seen and i promise i'll be right there waiting and destroy what we've made this time and watch it grow and die inside oh we'll watch it grow and we'll watch it die oh this time it's for real we'll watch it die and we'll watch it grow and die and we'll watch it grow and die and we'll watch it grow and die
391,red hot chili peppers universally speaking i saw your face elegant and tired cut up from the chase still i so admired bloodshot your smile delicate and wild but give me she wolf style rip right thru me silveretta the jets of a lifetime go and get her i've got her on my mind nothing better then feeling is so fine simply put i saw your love stream flow come on baby 'cause cause there's no name for give it up and i got what i came for universally speaking take it back and you make me nervous nothing better then love and service universally speaking win in the long run i saw your crime dying to get high two of a kind beat all hands tonight
392,gorillaz empire ants oh joys are us the sun has come again to hold you sailing out the doldrums of the week the polyphonic prayer is here it's all around you it's all around you out here and if the whole world is crashing down on you fall through space out of mind with me where the emptiness we leave behind on warm air rising blows all the shadows far away the falling of the whole empire it's here to hold you rolling out and haunted till it sinks little memories marching on your little feet working the machine will it spin will it soar my little dream working the machine soon like a wave that pass will fall closing in on you they're going on little memories
406,fell no pain but my life aint easy i know im my best friend no one cares but im so much stronger ill fight until the end to escape from the true false world undamaged destiny cant get caught in the endless circle ring of stupidity out of my own out to be free one with my mind they just cant see no need to hear things that they say life is for my own to live my own way rape my mind and destroy my feelings dont tell my what to do i dont care now cause im on my side and i can see through you feed my brain with your so called standards who says that i aint right break away from your common fashion see through your blurry sight out of my own out to be free one with my mind they just cant see no need to hear things that they say life is for my own to live my own way see they try to bring the hammer down no damn chains can hold me to the ground life is for my own to live my own way
407,casual affair panic at the disco . hey a casual affair that could go anywhere and only for tonight . take any moment anytime a lover on the left a sinner on the right . just lay in the atmosphere a casual affair hush hush don't you say a word lay in the atmosphere a casual affair . break involuntary ties a secret so the spies could never find us out . stay for as long as you have time so the mess that we'll become leaves something to talk about . just lay in the atmosphere a casual affair hush hush don't you say a word lay in the atmosphere a casual affair . lay in the atmosphere a casual affair hush hush don't you say a word lay in the atmosphere a casual affair .
409,rob thomas i am an illusion take this confusion runnin' round my head take back my unkind words lay that weight on me instead i'm the place where everything turns sour where you gonna run to now wrong step we got off track we need someone to help us get back now worn thin awful state i was in i believe i was losing me now i'm found i am found but i'm not real anymore i am an illusion i'm not real anymore i am an illusion i am the damage i am the relief sometimes i'm people i never hoped that i would be if i take in whatever they turn out what's that gonna make me now don't you understand i'm not real anymore i am an illusion wrong step we got off track we need someone to help us get back now worn thin awful state i was in i believe they were fooling me now i'm down i am down but i'm not real anymore i am an illusion i'm not real anymore i am an illusion i'm not real anymore i am an illusion i'm not real anymore i am an illusion
410,wait for everything evil in you comes out i'll stay when we'll only motivate sound instead sergeant make for the table in hopes that i won't be afraid again call when enabled and send the leader out against i will stage a reenactment in a false pretense exist inflict unworthy unconsciousness why debate when the actions suppressed then kill the acquitted coheed and cambria listen to the sounds that remain in question in hopes to solidify a truce amongst the children and the jury that stands the verdict alive here among the dead evolve monstar show me the things that i've never wanted done evolve monstar do to me the things i never wanted done i i felt much better than this before if they find out to avoid then the accidents kept hidden away but if they stay blood hungry cannibalistic unfit family ties in a series of knocks to the young girl's head side come write me a letter and paste it on my refrigerator door inspected inspector i think we've found something over here jesse just come look at what your brother did here he did away with me stay until wednesday and write me a child like letter pretending at war here in thursday let's make this our last day at home by the fence would you run would you run would you run down past the fence and she screamed claudio dear claudio i wish god damn it we'll make it if you believe f.b.i.
413,the beauty of gray live mental jewelry if i told you he was your brother we could reminisce then you would go about your day if i said you ought to give him some of your water youd shake your canteen and walk away the perception that divides you from him is a lie for some reason you never asked why this is not a black and white world you cant afford to believe in your side this is not a black and white world to be alive i say the the colors must swirl and i believe that maybe today we will all get to appreciate the beauty of gray if i told you that she was your mother we could analyze the situation and be gone if i said you ought to give her some of your water your eyes would light up like the dawn the perception that divides you from her is a lie for some reason you never asked why this is not a black and white world you cant afford to believe in your side this is not a black and white world to be alive i say the the colors must swirl and i believe that maybe today we will all get to appreciate the beauty of gray look into your eyes no daylight
418,long long time linda ronstadt love will abide take things in stride sounds like good advice but there's no one at my side and time washes clean love's wounds unseen that's what someone told me but i don't know what it means cause i've done everything i know to try and make yo mine and i think i'm gonna love you for a long long time caught in my fears blinking back the tears i can't say you hurt me when you never let me near and i never drew one response from you all the while you fell all over girls you never knew cause i've done everything i know to try and make you mine and i think it's gonna hurt me for a long long time wait for the day you'll go away knowing that you warned me of the price i'd have to pay and life's full of flaws who knows the cause living in the memory of a love that never was cause i've done everything i know to try and change your mind and i think i'm gonna miss you for a long long time cause i've done everything i know to try and make you mine and i think i'm gonna love you for a long long time
424,i'm coming i'm coming home to you i'm alive i'm a mess i can't wait to get home to you to get warm warm and undressed there've been changes beyond my dreams everybody wants me to sing there've been changes beyond my grasp things i'm sinking in so keep me keep me in your bed all day all day nothing heals me like you do nothing heals me like you do and when somebody knows you well well there's no comfort like that and when somebody needs you well there's no drug iike that so keep me keep me in your bed all day all day nothing heals me like you do keep me keep me in your bed all day all day nothing heals me like you do and where l'm home curled in your arms and i'm safe again i'll close my eyes and sleep sleep to the sound of london rain so keep me keep me in your bed all day all day nothing heals me like you do keep me keep me in your bed all day all day nothing heals me like you do nothing heals me like you do nothing falls like london rain nothing heals me like you do nothing falls like london rain nothing heals me like you do nothing falls like london rain nothing heals me like you do
427,i've been drivin' all night my hands are wet on the wheel. there's a voice in my head that drives my heel. my baby call said i need you here. it's half past four and i'm shifting gears. when she gets lonely and the longing gets too much she sends a cable coming in from above. don't need a phone at all. we got a thing that's called radar love we got a wave in the air radar love the radio's playin' some forgotten song. brenda lee's coming on strong. the road has got me hypnotized as i spin into a new sunrise. when i get lonely and i'm sure i've had enough she sends comfort coming in from above. don't need no letters at all. we got a thing that's called radar love we got a line in the sky no more speed i'm almost there. gotta keep cool now gotta take care. last car to pass here i go. and the line of cars goes down real slow. the radio plays that forgotten song. brenda lee's coming on strong. the news man sang his same song one more radar lover gone. when i'm feeling lonely and i'm sure i've had enough. she sends the comfort coming in from above. don't need no letter at all we got a thing that's called radar love we got a line in the sky we got a thing and its called radar love we got a thing that's called radar love
441,collective soul collective soul beggars description of what ive been missing exploit your position dont think i didnt listen hey i hope youre feeling a little better now success is so tragic pain is your gadget your tongues just lashing just bitching by habit hey i hope youre feeling a little purer now hey i hope youre feeling securer now help me i plea i dont understand your ways and means you smashing young man help me to see the good you have planned youre wearing thin you smashing young man you preach synthetic like peace is an oversight its nothing to ignite your self lit spotlight hey i hope youre feeling a little special now hey i want to tell you i think youre special now i dont recall asking for guidance i dont recall wanting to i dont recall bowing before you but im so impressed with the kindness in your attitude
446,live to rise soundgarden what if all you understand could fit into the center of our hand then you found it wasn't you who held the sum of everything you knew we're insane but not alone you hold on and their gone like the sun we will live to rise like the sun we will live and die and then ignite again like the sun we will live to rise again what if the one thing that i missed was everything i need to pass the test and if i fail what happens then can i still count on you as a friend we're insane but not alone you hold on and their gone like the sun we will live to rise like the sun we will live and die and then ignite again like the sun we will live to rise again again again again warm my face warm your face warm my face warm your face warm my face warm your face warm my face warm your face warm my face warm your face like the sun we will live to rise like the sun we will live and die and then ignite again like the sun we will live to rise like the sun we will live and die and then ignite again like the sun we will live to rise again again
447,once there was this kid who got into an accident and couldnt come to school but when he finally came back his hair had turned from black into bright white he said that it was from when the cars had smashed him so hard mmm mmm mmm mmm once there was this girl who wouldnt go and change with the girls in the change room but when they finally made her they saw birthmarks all over her body she couldnt quite explain it theyd always just been there mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm but both the girl and boy were glad cause one kid had it worse than that cause then there was this boy whose parents made him come directly home right after school and when they went to their church they shook and lurched all over the church floor he couldnt quite explain theyd always just gone there mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm
450,dishwalla lyrics candleburn lyrics on vineland past the candle shrine that burns on every night for someone she lets herself go like an angel in the snow she lays down on her back down on her back she goes take me over when i'm gone take me over make me strong take me over when i'm gone will they burn for me on vineland past the candle shrine that melts into the street design she waits for someone tonight she'll give herself away she'll break apart all by herself its so easy how we come undone take me over when i'm gone take me over make me strong take me over when i'm gone will they burn for me she pulls me in strips me down she pulls me in turns me out she pulls me in strips me down on vineland past the candle shrine that melts into the street design she waits tonight she'll give herself away she'll break apart all by herself its so easy how we come undone take me over when i'm gone take me over make me strong take me over when i'm gone will they burn for me take me over when i'm gone take me over make me strong take me over when i'm gone will they burn for me take me over will they burn for me take me over will they burn for me take me over will they burn for me
453,rain priscilla ahn well it's raining and it's pouring and my old man well he is snoring rainy day stay well my brother he builds a puzzle on the blue rug with lazy bubbles rainy day please stay rain rain don't go away the sun can come back another day rainy day please stay well my mother she doesn't bother with the dishes in the kitchen rainy day please stay well now i am three thousand miles from a rainy day with my dearest lovers fathers dreaming of the fall mother covers with the shall brothers in the yellow hall painting pictures on the wall i am listening on the floor to the sounds i used to know rain is falling to the ground praying all the hopes are found rain rain don't go away the sun can come back another day rain please stay rain rain rain rain . editor capt.mist
454,creed what's this life for hurray for..a child that makes it through if there's any way because the answer lies in you they're laid to rest before they've known just what to do their souls are lost because.. they could never find. what's this life for what's this life for what's this life for what's this life for . i see your soul it's kind of grey you see my heart you look away you see my wrists i know your pain i know your purpose on your plane don't say a last prayer because.. you could never find what's this life for what's this life for what's this life for what's this life for but they ain't here anymore don't have to settle the score.. cause we all live under the reign of one king . but they ain't here anymore don't have to settle no goddamn score.. cause we all live ..under the reign i said of only just one king one king one king well they ain't here anymore don't have to settle no goddamn score cause we all live ..under the reign of..one king.. but they ain't here anymore don't have to settle no goddamn score.. cause we all live ..under the reign of one king
458,dying inside the cranberries by d.v. terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see her dying it was a terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see her dying inside to see her dying won't you come out and play the games we played won't you speak out and say the things you'd say the lady loved her gold the lady lost her soul it was a terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see her dying it was a terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see her dying inside to see you dying do you remember the things we used to do do you remember the way it was for you the lady loved her gold the lady lost her soul it was a terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see her dying it was a terrible thing it was a terrible thing to see you dying inside to see you die la ah la ah la ah
462,the hour has begun your eyes have now opened to a world where madness craves to a world where hope's enslaved oh i'll tremble for my love always your windows opened wide your innocence takes flight to a world where madness craves to a world where hope's enslaved oh i'll tremble for my love always to a world where madness craves to a world where hope's enslaved oh i'll tremble for my love always to a world where madness craves to a world where hope's enslaved oh i'll tremble for my love always
464,creed one affirmative may be justified take from one give to another the goal is to be unified take my hand be my brother the payment silenced the masses sanctified by oppression unity took a backseat sliding further into regression one oh one the only way is one one oh one the only way is one i feel angry i feel helpless want to change the world ya i feel violent i feel alone don't try to change my mind no society blind by color why hold down one to raise another discrimination now on both sides seeds of hate blossom further the world is heading for mutiny when all we want is unity we may rise and fall but in the end we'll meet our fate together one oh one the only way is one one oh one the only way is one i feel angry i feel helpless want to change the world ya i feel violent i feel alone don't try to change my mind no i feel angry i feel helpless want to change the world ya i feel violent i feel alone don't try to change my mind no i feel angry i feel helpless want to change the world ya i feel violent i feel alone don't try to change my mind no i feel angry i feel helpless want to change the world ya i feel violent i feel alone don't try to change my mind
470,charlie brown's parents dishwalla pet your friends dishwalla pet your friends 1995 charlie brown's parents i can't hear what you're saying what you're doing to me it would take the jaws of life to pry open your words so pry open your words i don't want to talk about elvis no i don't want to go on pretending if feels like i'm talking to talking to charlie brown's parents if feels like i'm talking to a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision why he's a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision i can't hear what you're saying what you're doing to me can't you see it would take the jaws of life to pry open your words i don't want to talk about jesus and i don't want to go on converting no it feels like i'm talking to talking to charlie brown's parents if feels like i'm talking to a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision he's a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision i can't hear what you're saying what you're doing to me can't you see it would take the jaws of life to pry open your words why he's a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision he's a lonely man without a vision stuffed his mouth with indecision i can't hear what you're saying what you're doing to me can't you see it would take the jaws of life to pry open your words to pry open your words
475,dishwalla every little thing let me in to see you in the morning light to get me on and all along the tears they come see all come i want you to believe in life but i get the strangest feeling that you've gone away will you find out who you are too late to change i wish i could be every little thing you wanted all the time i wish i could be every little thing you wanted all the time some times lift me up just lift me up don't make a sound and let me hold you up before you hit the ground see all come you say your all right but i get the strangest feeling that you've gone away you've gone away and will you find out who you are too late to change i wish i could be every little thing you wanted all the time oh ..i wish i could be every little thing you wanted thing you wanted all the time don't give me up don't give me up tonight or soon nothing will be right at all salvation will you find out who you are too late to change too late to change i wish i could be every little thing you wanted all the time oh.. i wish i could be every little thing you wanted every little thing you wanted all the time this time every little thing you wanted all the time and all and all every little thing you wanted all the time i get the strangest feeling that you've gone away
478,you wanted more tonic love is tragic love is bold you will always do what you are told love is hard love is strong you will never say that you were wrong i don't know when i got bitter love is sure better when it's gone because you wanted more more than i could give more than i could handle and a life that i can't live you wanted more more than i could bare more than i could offer and a love that isn't there love is color love is love love is never saying you're too proud love is trusting love is honest love is not a hand that holds you down i don't know when i got bitter love is surely better when it's gone because you wanted more more than i could give more than i could handle and a life that i can't live you wanted more more than i could bare more than i could offer and a love that isn't there i gotta pick me up when iam down i gotta get my feet back on the ground i gotta pick me up when iam down i don't know when igot bitter love is surely better when it's gone because you wanted more more than i could give more than i could handle and a life that i can't live you wanted more more than i could bare more than i could offer and a love that isn't there you wanted more more than i could bare more than i could offer and we all live each other you wanted more more than i could give more than i could handle and a life that i can't live
481,aaron carter 2 good 2 be true gonna make a connection cuz i know i got take 'em high and i'll show you how to rip up a kicker if that's alright got the way you're ridin the half pipe there's something 'bout the look in your eyes can you prove why doncha show me a trick or two and let it fly gonna twist down gonna take you on a ride gonna get it along gonna get it along fine i got the skills if you got the style you do it for me it's the way you smile girl take people home to a hip hop beat knock me down knock me off my feet whip one up let's get on the with the show oh yeah the way to go it's to good to be true now i'm riding with you too bad to believe it if you know what i mean got me spinning around with my feet off the ground and i don't wanna come back down it's to good to be true nanana nananana nanana na nananana okay it's not like i'm short of a girlfriend yeah right but i'm playing with my plan of attack cuz i know that was he checking on my lifestyle ain't lookin' back gonna twist down gonna take you on a ride gonna get it along gonna get it along fine i got the skills if you got the style you do it for me it's the way you smile girl take people home to a hip hop beat knock me down knock me off my feet whip one up let's get on the with the show oh yeah the way to go it's to good to be true now i'm riding with you too bad to believe it if you know what i mean got me spinning around with my feet off the ground and i don't wanna come back down it's to good to be true i ride all day even in the sun boilin' hot but i still have fun everybody's watchin' keepin' an eye on how i skate how i fly ridin' the rails hittin' the rails i'll skate all day gonna have to camp although i get tired it doesn't stop me hey you better watch me gonna twist down gonna take you on a ride gonna get it along gonna get it along fine i got the skills if you got the style you do it for me it's the way you smile girl take people home to a hip hop beat knock me down knock me off my feet whip one up let's get on the with the show oh yeah the way to go it's to good to be true now i'm riding with you too bad to believe it if you know what i mean got me spinning around with my feet off the ground and i don't wanna come back down it's to good to be true now i'm riding with you too bad to believe it if you know what i mean got me spinning around with my feet off the ground and i don't wanna come back down it's too good to be true nanana nananana nanana na nananana nanana nananana and i don't wanna come back down it's too good to be true
482,collective soul december why drink the water from my hand contagious as you think i am just tilt my sun towards your domain. your cup runneth over again. dont scream about dont think aloud turn your head now baby just spit me out dont worry about dont speak of doubt turn your head now baby just spit me out why follow me to higher ground lost as you swear i am. dont throw away your basic needs ambiance and vanity. dont scream about dont think aloud turn your head now baby just spit me out dont worry about dont speak of doubt turn your head now baby just spit me out dont scream about dont think aloud turn your head now baby just spit me out dont worry about dont speak of doubt turn your head now baby just spit me out december promise you gave unto me december whispers of treachery december clouds are now covering me december songs no longer i sing december promise you gave unto me december whispers of treachery december clouds are now covering me december songs no longer i sing dont scream about dont think aloud turn your head now baby just spit me out dont worry about dont speak of doubt turn your head now baby just spit me out dont scream about dont think aloud turn your head now baby just spit me out dont worry about dont speak of doubt turn your head now baby
488, and the road becomes my bride i have stripped of all but pride so in her i do confide and she keeps me satisfied gives me all i need and with dust in throat i crave only knowledge will i save to the game you stay a slave rover wanderer nomad vagabond call me what you will but i'll take my time anywhere free to speak my mind anywhere and i'll redefine anywhere anywhere i roam where i lay my head is home and the earth becomes my throne i adapt to the unknown under wandering stars i've grown by myself but not alone i ask no one and my ties are severed clean the less i have the more i gain off the beaten path i reign rover wanderer nomad vagabond call me what you will but i'll take my time anywhere i'm free to speak my mind anywhere and i'll never mind anywhere anywhere i roam where i lay my head is home but i'll take my time anywhere free to speak my mind and i'll take my find anywhere anywhere i roam where i lay my head is home but i'll take my time anywhere i'm free to speak my mind anywhere and i'll redefine anywhere anywhere i roam where i lay my head is home carved upon my stone my body lie but still i roam wherever i may roam .. oh wherever i may roam .. oh wherever i may roam .. oh wherever i may roam ..
492,he calls the mansion not a house but a tomb he's always choking from the stench and the fume the wedding party all collapsed in the room so send my resignation to the bride and the groom let's go down this elevator only goes up to ten he's not around he's always looking at men down by the pool he doesn't have many friends as they are face down and bloated snap a shot with the lens if you marry me would you bury me would you carry me to the end so say goodbye to the vows you take and say goodbye to the life you make and say goodbye to the heart you break and all the cyanide you drank she keeps a picture of the body she lends got nasty blisters from the money she spends she's got a life of her own and it shows by the benz she drives at 90 by the barbies and kens if you ever say never too late i'll forget all the diamonds you ate lost in coma and covered in cake increase the medication share the vows at the wake kiss the bride if you marry me would you bury me would you carry me to the end so say goodbye to the vows you take and say goodbye to the life you make and say goodbye to the heart you break and all the cyanide you drank and say goodbye to the last parade and walk away from the choice you made and say goodbye to the hearts you break and all the cyanide you drank so say goodbye to the vows you take and say goodbye to the life you make and say goodbye to the hearts you break and all the cyanide you drank so say goodbye to the last parade and walk away from the choice you made and say goodnight to the hearts you break and all the cyanide you drank to the last parade when the parties fade and the choice you made to the end
495,no one's gonna love you cee lo green it's looking like a limb torn off or altogether just taken apart we're reeling through an endless fall we are the ever living ghost of what once was but no one is ever gonna love you more than i do no one's gonna love you more than i do and anything to make you smile it's a better side of you to admire but they should never take so long just to be over then back to another one but no one is ever gonna love you more than i do no one's gonna love you more than i do but someone should have warned you when things start splitting at the seams and now the whole thing's tumbling down things start splitting at the seams and now if things start splitting at the seams and now it's tumbling down hard i did anything to make you smile you are the ever living ghost of what once was i never want to hear you say that your better off or you liked it that way 'cos no one is ever gonna love you more than i do no one's gonna love you more than i do they really should have warned you when things start splitting at the seams and now the whole thing's tumbling down things start splitting at the seams and now if things start splitting at the seams and now it's tumbling down hard
506,the trick is to keep breathing garbage she's not the kind of girl who likes to tell the world about the way she feels about herself she takes a little time in making up her mind she doesn't want to fight against the tide and lately i'm not the only one i say never trust anyone always the one who has to drag her down maybe you'll get what you want this time around can't bear to face the truth so sick he cannot move and when it hurts he takes it out on you and lately i'm not the only one i say never trust anyone always the one who has to drag her down maybe you'll get what you want this time around the trick is to keep breathing x2 she knows the human heart and how to read the stars now everything's about to fall apart i won't be the one who's going to let you down maybe you'll get what you want this time around i won't be the one who's going to let you down maybe you'll get what you want this time around the trick is to keep breathing x7 
508,"there's a point in time when you can't think for yourself. paulie shots ." i'm placeable listen to the dreams you're dreaming. untraceable tell me now what are you scheming. i'm placeable to the place where you most fear. untraceable so help me dear. coal chamber i'm placeable innate yet surely substantial to repay you fade away. sweetness smells so sweet i your feet just to repay your fade away. i'm placeable i have no place now. untraceable to your jaded vows. i'm placeable no more of your face. i'm placeable so help me please. i'm placeable innate yet surly substaintial to repay your fade away. sweetness smells so sweet at your feet just to repay your fade away. kill the man become the monster. you are a sick individual. yeah i'm the one gel under your bed increase your dreams and i know it well hell. i'm placeable recognise that you're most favored. untraceable tell me now what are we made of. i'm placeable to the place where yo most fear. untraceable so help me dear. i'm placeable innate yet surely substainial to repay your fade away. sweetness smells so sweet at your feet just to repay your fade away. kill the man become the monster. you are a sick individual. you are so sincere. i'm the one gel under you bed increase your dreams and you know it well yeah i'm the one gel under your bed increase you dreams and you know it well. kill the man. become the monster. sincere.
511,road to nowhere ozzy osbourne i was looking back on my life and all the things i've done to me i'm still looking for the answers i'm still searching for the key the wreckage of my past keeps haunting me it just won't leave me alone i still find it all a mystery could it be a dream the road to nowhere leads to me through all the happiness and sorrow i guess i'd do it all again live for today and not tomorrow it's still the road that never ends the wreckage of my past keeps haunting me it just won't leave me alone i still find it all a mystery could it be a dream the road to nowhere leads to me ah ah the road to nowhere's gonna pass me by ah ah i hope we never have to say goodbye i never want to live without you the wreckage of my past keeps haunting me it just won't leave me alone i still find it all a mystery could it be a dream the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere leads to me the road to nowhere
519,running up that hill placebo covers "running up that hill " by poppyran it doesn 't hurt me. you want to feel how it feels you want to know know that it doesn 't hurt me you want to hear about the deal i 'm making. you if i only could be running up that hill you and me if i only could be running up that hill and if i only could make a deal with god get him to swap our places be running up that road be running up that hill be running up that building. if i only could you don 't want to hurt me but see how deep the bullet lies. unaware that i 'm tearing you asunder. there 's a thunder in our hearts baby so much hate for the ones we love tell me we both matter don 't we you if i only could be running up that hill you and me if i only could be running up that hill you and me won 't be unhappy and if i only could make a deal with god and get him to swap our places be running up that road be running up that hill be running up that building. if i only could come on baby come on come on darling let me steal this moment from you now. come on angel come on come on darling let 's exchange the experience and if i only could make a deal with god and get him to swap our places be running up that road be running up that hill with no problems. and if i only could make a deal with god and i 'd get him to swap our places be running up that road be running up that hill with no problems. if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill if i only could be running up that hill
521,pierce the veil bulls in the bronx . do you know i count the heartbeats before you sleep i bite my fingernails to the bone and then i crawl back under the stairwell to a place i call my home. . i really hope you enjoy the show because for me it''s just a bad day you need people like me to feel . maybe we''re just having too much fun maybe you can''t handle yourself staring at me with your lips and tongue . you''ll never know i don''t know where i''m going to sleep tonight she said hotels are cheap and there''s one down the street but don''t you threaten me with a good time. murder the moment my god i''m the serpent. i''m sorry i can''t see that you truly love me. . maybe we''re just having too much fun. maybe you can''t handle yourself staring at me with your lips and tongue . i''ve been having this dream that we can fly so maybe if we never wake up we can see the sky . please don''t take this out on me ''cause you''re the only thing that''s keeping me alive and i don''t want to wait for the down set date cause i would rather end it all tonight and if i mean anything to you i''m sorry but i''ve made up my mind . maybe we''re just having too much fun maybe you can''t handle yourself staring at me with your lips and tongue . i''ve been having this dream that we can fly so darling close your eyes . cause you''re about to miss everything cause you''re about to miss everything
529,smack my bitch up the prodigy change my pitch up smack my bitch up. change my pitch up smack my bitch up. change my pitch up smack my bitch up. change my pitch up smack my bitch up. smack my bitch up. smack my bitch up. change my pitch up smack my bitch up. change my pitch up smack my bitch up.